UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Linda
Linda
5
Microsoft Word 8.0
44
7/10/2000 16:00:00
7/10/2000 13:06:00
7/10/2000 16:00:00
4
596
3399
0
GBM
28
6
4174
no
no
7/10/2000 09:06:00
7/10/2000 12:00:00
7/10/2000 12:00:00



RP00-249 Reply Comments.doc
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BEFORE THE
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION



In the Matter of	)
	) 	Docket Nos. RP00-249-000 and 001
Transwestern Pipeline Company	)


REPLY COMMENTS OF
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY
FOLLOWING TECHNICAL CONFERENCE


	Transwestern Pipeline Company (Transwestern) respectfully submits the following reply comments in response to the comments of Amoco Energy Trading Corporation and Amoco Production Company (jointly “Amoco”) and Burlington Resources Oil & Gas Company (“Burlington”).  The comments of Amoco and Burlington raise certain alleged “concerns” which they failed to raise at the technical conference held on June 27, 2000.  Transwestern is submitting these reply comments to correct several misstatements in such comments.  
I
COMMENTS
1.	Incremental capacity
	Amoco and Burlington argue that there is a “concern” that Transwestern’s proposal “will not add incremental capacity out of the basin; it will only add greater flexibility in the use of existing capacity.”  (Comments at 4.)  As an initial matter, Amoco and Burlington’s “concern” merely reflects their disagreement with the Commission’s policy in Texas Eastern 1/	Texas Eastern Transmission Corp., 74 FERC ¶61,074 (1996), order on rehearing, 78 FERC ¶61,277 (1997), remanded, Colorado Interstate Gas Company v. FERC, 146 F.3d 889 (D.C. Cir. 1998) (issue of whether a pipeline should be required to obtain authorization from Commission prior to acquiring capacity on another pipeline).
1/ of allowing interstate pipelines to hold capacity on other pipelines.  By its very nature, Texas Eastern involves authorizing interstate pipelines to use capacity on other pipelines, not authorizing new construction to build additional capacity.  Further, Amoco and Burlington concede that “Transwestern’s system is currently constrained moving out of the San Juan basin.”  (Id.)  Thus, the need for Transwestern’s proposal is not disputed.  Authorizing Transwestern to hold capacity on Public Service Company of New Mexico (“PNM”) will allow it to offer incremental capacity to its shippers without the cost and potential environmental impact of new construction.  As stated by Amoco at the June 27, 2000 Technical Conference, this would allow shippers to reach more economically attractive markets on Transwestern’s system.
2.	Monopoly power
	Amoco and Burlington also claim that there is a “concern” that Transwestern will “tie the PNM capacity with its own, and restrict shipper options, thereby enhancing its monopoly position.”  (Comments at 4.)  This “concern” is wholly unfounded.  As explained at the technical conference and in Transwestern’s initial comments, Transwestern will simply be authorized to bid 
for capacity on a nondiscriminatory basis.  Transwestern will be treated like any other shipper bidding for capacity and will have no ability to “restrict shipper options thereby enhancing its monopoly position.”  (Id.)  In fact, unlike other shippers, Transwestern has voluntarily agreed to limit the capacity it may bid on to no more than 40,000 Dth/d.  
3.	Firm service
	Amoco and Burlington allege that there is a concern as to “the reliability” of firm service purchased from PNM because it “has the lowest priority on PNM’s system.”  (Comments at 4-5.)  While PNM’s firm service may be called upon if necessary to maintain service to core customers, Amoco and Burlington have failed to offer any support for their allegation that PNM’s service is unreliable.  Further, Amoco and Burlington fail to explain that long-term firm service on PNM, which is what Transwestern may purchase, has a higher priority than short-term firm service.  Therefore, it does not have the “lowest priority on PNM’s system,” as alleged by Amoco and Burlington.
4.	Conditions proposed by Amoco and Burlington
	Amoco and Burlington claim that Transwestern’s ability to bid for capacity on PNM be restricted by a series of conditions.  Such conditions are not a part of the Commission’s policy in Texas Eastern and are not warranted here.  First, conditions on how PNM should auction available capacity are unwarranted given that PNM is subject to existing regulations on open access and nondiscrimination.  Second, while Transwestern has agreed to limit the total amount of capacity on which it would be able to bid, there is no reason to bar Transwestern from bidding on capacity that may become available during winter months.  Third, there is no basis to restrict Transwestern’s sale of capacity to service under Transwestern’s limited firm transportation (“LFT”) rate schedule.  The determination as to whether capacity is sold under the FT or LFT rate schedule should be made by Transwestern, based on the conditions existing at that time, just as such determination is made by other pipelines having LFT rate schedules.  Fourth, the request for a one-year experimental period is unwarranted given existing protections and reporting requirements.
II
CONCLUSION
	WHEREFORE, for the reasons stated herein and in Transwestern’s initial comments and at the technical conference, Transwestern respectfully requests that the Commission approve its proposal.
	Respectfully submitted,





