
This redlined draft, generated by CompareRite (TM) - The Instant Redliner, shows the differences between - 
original document   : O:\LEGAL\MHEARD\CTR\039ACTR(CATEQUIL PARTNERS).DOC
and revised document: O:\LEGAL\MHEARD\CTR\039BCTR(CATEQUIL PARTNERS).DOC

CompareRite found    7 change(s) in the text

Deletions appear as Overstrike text surrounded by []
Additions appear as Bold-Underline text 



Page 
O:\Legal\MHEARD\Ctr\039ctr(catequil partners).doc
DRAFT OF [08/16/2001] 08/23/2001

SCHEDULE
to the
MASTER AGREEMENT
(Multicurrency-Cross Border)
dated as of _________________, 2001
between
ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP., a corporation organized under the law of the State of Delaware ("Party A"), and
Catequil partners, l.p., a limited partnership organized under the law of the State of Delaware ("Party B")

Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a)	"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, none; and in relation to Party B, none.
(b)	(i) "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14.
(ii)	 The "Default under Specified Transaction" provisions of section 5(a)(v) are amended by adding the following proviso at the end thereof:
"; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default will not occur under clause (1) or (2) above if (i) the event or condition referred to in clause (1) or the failure to pay referred to in clause (2) is caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature, (ii) funds were available to the party, Credit Support Provider, or Specified Entity, as the case may be, to enable it to make the payment when due, and (iii) such relevant payment is made within three Local Business Days."
(c)	The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A, and will apply to Party B.
"Threshold Amount" means:  with respect to Party A, U.S. $100,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); with respect to Party A's Credit Support Provider, U.S. $100,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); and with respect to Party B, U.S. $2,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); provided, that, such Threshold Amount shall apply individually and not collectively with respect to each entity set forth above notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 5(a)(vi) of the Master Agreement.
(d)	The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) as amended below will  apply to Party A and to Party B.
(e)	The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or to Party B.
(f)	Payments on Early Termination.  For the purpose of Section 6(e):  (i) Loss will apply, and (ii) the Second Method will apply.
(g)	"Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(h)	(A)  Section 5(b)(iv) is hereby amended by adding the following phrase between the closing parenthesis and the semicolon at the end thereof:  "provided, however, that the foregoing action or event shall not constitute a Termination Event (1) if after such action or event such New Entity (which entity is the successor-in-interest to such party) is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party's Credit Support Provider, if any, and the Credit Support Documents supporting such party's obligations remain in full force and effect and extend fully to the performance by New Entity of its obligations under this Agreement, or (2) so long as in connection with or after such action or event X or its successor or transferee provides (or causes to be provided) to the other party ("Y") within two Local Business Days of Y's written demand therefor Eligible Credit Support in an amount satisfactory to Y in its sole discretion.  If such Eligible Credit Support is provided, it shall be in addition to Eligible Credit Support required under the ISDA Credit Support Annex attached hereto as Annex A, but it shall be otherwise administered under Annex A."
(B)  Section 5(b)(iv) is hereby further amended by: (I) deleting in the fourth line thereof the words "another entity" and replacing them with the words "or reorganizes, incorporates, reincorporates, reconstitutes, or reforms into or as, or receives all or substantially all of the assets and/or liabilities or obligations or, another entity or X, such Credit Support Provider, or such Specified Entity, as the case may be, effects a recapitalization, liquidating dividend, leveraged buy-out, or other similar highly-leveraged transaction, or stock buy-back or similar call on equity,"; (II) deleting in the fifth line thereof the words "the resulting, surviving or transferee entity" and replacing them with the words "X, such Credit Support Provider, or such Specified Entity, as the case may be, or any resulting, surviving, transferee, reorganized, reconstituted, reformed or recapitalized entity (the "New Entity")"; and (III) deleting in the seventh line thereof the words "and in such event, X or its successor or transferee, as appropriate," and replacing them with the words "New Entity". 

(i)	Additional Termination Event will apply.  (i) The following will each constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party B:

If in any twelve (12) month period the Net Asset Value of Party B declines by more than 50%.

If the ratio of its Liabilities to Net Asset Value is more than 10 to 1.

If its Net Asset Value falls below $35,000,000.

If the Manager is the general partner of Party B, and resigns, is terminated or is otherwise incapacitated for a period exceeding one month.
[
(e) If the Management Agreement is terminated or otherwise ceases to exist.]
(ii) The following will constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party A:

Party A's Credit Support Provider's credit rating is below BBB- by S&P, or if it has no credit rating from S&P, Party A's Credit Support Provider's credit rating is below Baa3 by Moody's, or Party A's Credit Support Provider fails to have a rating from either S&P or Moody's.  
(j)	"Contractual Currency" unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation, shall mean United States Dollars.

Part 2.  Tax Representations.
(a)	Payer Representations.  For the purpose of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii), or 6(e)) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement.  In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f), (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii), and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d), provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on Clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	Payee Representations.  For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A and Party B make the following representations:
(i)	The following representation applies to Party A:
Party A is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and is treated as a corporation for United States tax purposes.
(ii)	The following representation applies to Party B:
Party B is a limited partnership organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and is treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.
Part 3.	Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a), each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a)	Tax forms, documents, or certificates to be delivered are:  United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9.
(b)	Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document
Form/Document/Certificate
Date by which to be delivered
Covered by Section 3(d) Representation

Party A 
Duly executed Credit Support Document specified in Part 4(d)
At execution of this Agreement
Yes

Party A and Party B
Duly executed tax forms, documents, or certificates referenced in Part 3(a) above
At execution of this Agreement and as otherwise provided in Part 3(a) above
Yes

Party A and Party B
Evidence of authority and specimen signatures with respect to the party's and its Credit Support Provider's (if any) signatories executing this Agreement or any Credit Support Document
At execution of this Agreement
Yes

Party A and Party B
A Certificate certifying (a) resolutions of each party's and its Credit Support Provider's (if any) board of directors (or other governing body) (i) authorizing this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated hereby (or the Credit Support Document, as the case may be) and (ii) authorizing a specified person or persons to execute and deliver on its behalf this Agreement (or the Credit Support Document, as the case may be), and (b) copies of each party's and its Credit Support Provider's (if any) articles of incorporation and bylaws (or other constituent documents) or in the case of Party B, its partnership agreement as well as its offering memorandum
At execution of this Agreement
Yes

Party A
Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statement of Party A's Credit Support Provider certified by independent public accountants
Promptly following demand by Party B, but in no event later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of Party A's Credit Support Provider if such Financial Statement is not available on "EDGAR" or Party A's Credit Support Provider's home page on the World Wide Web at www.enron.com
Yes

Party A
Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statement of Party A's Credit Support Provider
Promptly following demand by Party B, but in no event later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Party A's Credit Support Provider if such Financial Statement is not available on "EDGAR" or Party A's Credit Support Provider's home page on the World Wide Web at www.enron.com 
Yes

Party B
Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statement of Party B certified by independent public accountants
Promptly following demand by Party A
Yes

Party B
Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statement of Party B
Promptly following demand by Party A
Yes

Party B
Legal opinion in form and substance satisfactory to Party A and its counsel
At execution of this Master Agreement
No

Party B
Monthly account statements detailing, at a minimum, the Net Income of Party B for the relevant month, with detail on the change, if any, in the Net Asset Value; such detail should include the Net Asset Value at the start of each month, the Net Asset Value at the end of each month, redemptions, additional investments, distributions, and all other specific items of information required to calculate the Net Asset Value at the end of the month from the Net Asset Value at the beginning of the month
Promptly following demand by Party A
Yes

Part 4.  Miscellaneous.
(a)	Addresses for Notices.  Section 12(a) is hereby amended to delete the following phrase from the second and third line thereof:  "(except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system)".  For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:

Address: 


Street Address:
(for courier delivery)

Enron North America Corp.
P.O. Box 4428
Houston, Texas  77210-4428
1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas  77002
Attn:  Director, Documentation Department
Facsimile No.:  (713) 646-4816
Telephone No.:  (713) 853-3300

A copy of any notice sent to Party A pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or Annex A must also be sent to (i) Enron Corp., Attention:  Corporate Secretary at the above address and facsimile no. (713) 853-2534, and (ii) Enron North America Corp., Attention:  Assistant General Counsel, Trading Group at the above address and facsimile no. (713) 646-4818.

Address for notices or communications to Party B:

Address: 
Street Address:
(for courier delivery) 

Catequil Partners, L.P.
c/o Catequil Management, L.P.
1251 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10020
Attention: James Giordano
Facsimile No.:  (212) 899-4210  
Telephone No.:  (212) 899-4205

(b)	Offices; Multibranch Parties.  The provisions of Section 10(a) will be applicable.  For the purpose of Section 10(c):  Party A is not a Multibranch Party and Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(c)	Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent is Party A, provided, however, that if at any time a Potential Event of Default, Event of Default, Credit Event Upon Merger or Additional Termination Event occurs or exists with respect to Party A, then Party B will act as the Calculation Agent or will appoint a third party to act as Calculation Agent.
(d)	Credit Support Documents.  Details of any Credit Support Document, each of which is incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation (unless provided otherwise in a Confirmation) as if set forth in full in this Agreement or such Confirmation:  (i) Guaranty dated as of the date hereof by Enron Corp. in favor of Party B as beneficiary thereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and (ii) ISDA Credit Support Annex attached hereto as Annex A.
(e)	Credit Support Provider.  (i) Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A, Enron Corp., and (ii) Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B, none.
(f)	Netting of Payments.  Section 2(c)(ii) will not apply to all Transactions.
(g)	Governing Law.  This Agreement (including this Schedule, the Credit Support Annex and each Confirmation) will be governed by, and construed, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with, the substantive law of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of law doctrine).
(h)	Jurisdiction.  Section 13(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

	(b)	Agreement To Arbitrate:  Any claim, counterclaim, demand, cause of action, dispute, and controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the relationship established by this Agreement, any provision hereof, the alleged breach thereof, or in any way relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, involving the parties and/or their respective representatives (collectively the "Claims"), even though some or all of such Claims allegedly are extra-contractual in nature, whether such Claims sound in contract, tort, or otherwise, at law or in equity, under state or federal law, whether provided by statute or the common law, for damages or any other relief, shall be resolved by binding arbitration.

Conduct Of The Arbitration, And Authority Of The Arbitrators:  Arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.  The validity, construction, and interpretation of this agreement to arbitrate, and all procedural aspects of the arbitration conducted pursuant hereto shall be decided by the arbitrators.  In deciding the substance of the parties' Claims, the arbitrators shall refer to the Governing Law.  It is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any circumstances whether or not such damages may be available under state or federal law, or under the Federal Arbitration Act, or under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the parties hereby waiving their right, if any, to recover any such damages.

Forum For The Arbitration And Selection Of Arbitrators:  The arbitration proceeding shall be conducted in New York, New York.  Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure, each party shall select one arbitrator.  The two arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator.  The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eight years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and who has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the arbitration.  While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall not be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or for vacating the arbitrators' award that either of such arbitrators has past or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such arbitrator.

Confidentiality:  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any arbitration proceeding and the arbitrators award shall be maintained in confidence by the parties.
Part 5.  Other Provisions.
(a)	Conditions Precedent.  The condition precedent set forth in clause (1) of Section 2(a)(iii) shall not apply to payments owed by a party if the other party shall have satisfied in full all its payment obligations under Section 2(a)(i) and shall at the relevant time have no future payment obligations whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2(a)(i).
(b)	Representations.  Section 3 is hereby amended by adding at the end thereof the following Subsections (g) and (h):
(g)	Eligibility.  It constitutes an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 7 U.S.C. ยง1a(12).
(h)	No Reliance.  In connection with this Agreement, any Credit Support Document to which it is a party, and each Transaction:  (i) it is acting as principal and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise when entering into any Transaction; (ii) the other party is not acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment advisor for it; (iii) it is not relying upon any representations (whether written or oral) of the other party other than the representations expressly set forth in this Agreement and in such Credit Support Document; (iv) it has not been given by the other party (directly or indirectly through any other person) any advice, counsel, assurance, guarantee, or representation whatsoever as to the expected or projected success, profitability, return, performance, result, effect, consequence, or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting, or otherwise) of this Agreement, such Credit Support Document, or such Transaction; (v) it has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial, and accounting advisors to the extent it has deemed necessary, and it has made its own investment, trading, hedging, and other decisions based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary, and not upon any view expressed by the other party; (vi) its decisions have been the result of arm's length negotiations between the parties; and (vii) it is entering into this Agreement, such Credit Support Document, and such Transaction with a full understanding of all of the risks hereof and thereof (economic and otherwise), and it is capable of assuming and willing to assume those risks.

(c)	Additional Representations of Party B.  For the purpose of Section 3 of the Agreement, 
Party B further represents and warrants to Party A (which representations will be deemed repeated by Party B at all times until the termination of this Agreement and any Transactions) that:

(i)	this Agreement and any Transaction hereunder do not constitute any kind of investment by Party B that is proscribed by any Investment Policy, limitation or restriction to which Party B is subject; and

(ii)	with respect to each source of funds to be used by it to enter into Transactions (the "Source"), the Source is not the assets of : (i) any "plan" (as such term is defined in Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code")) subject to Section 4975 of the Code; (ii) any "employee benefit plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as amended ("ERISA")) subject to Title I of ERISA; or (iii) otherwise any "plan assets" within the meaning of U.S. Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101, 29 CFR Section 2510-3-101.
(d)	Reference Market-makers.  The definition of "Reference Market-makers" in Section 14 is hereby amended by deleting clause (b) thereof.
(e)	Definitions.  This Agreement, each Confirmation, and each Transaction are subject to the 2000 ISDA Definitions, as such definitions may be amended, supplemented, replaced or modified from time to time (collectively, the "Definitions"), each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), and subject to this Part 5(e) will be governed in all respects by the Definitions (except that (i) any references to "Swap Transactions" in the Definitions will be deemed to be references to "Transactions" and (ii) all references in the 1991 Definitions to a "Business Day" will be deemed to be references to a Local Business Day under this Agreement).  The Definitions are incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement and each relevant Confirmation as if set forth in full in this Agreement and such Confirmation.  Unless specified otherwise in a Confirmation, any capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement or in such Confirmation that are contained in the Definitions, will have the meanings given such terms in such Definitions.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Definitions, this Agreement will prevail.
(f)	Procedures for Entering into Transactions.  The parties hereby amend Section 9(e)(ii) by adding the following sentences at the end thereof:  "On or promptly following the Trade Date of a Transaction, Party A will send to Party B a Confirmation.  Party B will promptly thereafter confirm the accuracy of, or request the correction of, such Confirmation.  If any dispute shall arise as to whether an error exists in a Confirmation, the parties shall in good faith make reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute.  If Party B fails to accept or dispute the Confirmation in the manner set forth above within five Local Business Days after it was effectively received by Party B, the Confirmation shall be deemed to correctly reflect the parties' agreement on the terms of the Transaction referred to therein, absent manifest error.  The requirement of this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement that the parties exchange Confirmations shall for all purposes be deemed satisfied by a Confirmation sent and an acknowledgment deemed given as provided herein."
(g)	Recording.  Each party consents to the recording, at any time and from time to time, by the other party of any and all communications between officers or employees of the parties in connection with this Agreement, any Credit Support Document, any Transaction, or any potential Transaction, and waives any further notice of such recording.
(h)	Setoff.  (A) Upon the designation of an Early Termination Date the Non-defaulting Party or the non-Affected Party (in either case, "X") may, at its option and in its discretion (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or Affected Party), Setoff, against any amounts owed whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency to the Defaulting Party or Affected Party (in either case, "Y") in Dollars or any other currency by X or any Affiliate of X under this Agreement or otherwise, any amounts owed whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency in Dollars or any other currency by Y to X or any of its Affiliates (irrespective of place of payment or booking office of the obligation) under this Agreement or otherwise.  The obligations of Y and X under this Agreement in respect of such amounts shall be deemed satisfied and discharged to the extent of any such Setoff.  For this purpose, the amounts subject to the Setoff to the extent necessary may be converted by X into the Termination Currency at the rate of exchange at which X, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, would be able to purchase the relevant amount of the currency being converted.  X will give Y notice of any Setoff effected under this section as soon as practicable after the Setoff is effected provided that failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the Setoff.  If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.  Nothing herein shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest.  This Setoff provision shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of Setoff, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise).
(B)  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party, as the case may be, shall not be required to pay to the Defaulting Party or Affected Party any amount under Section 6(e) until the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party receives confirmation satisfactory to it in its reasonable discretion (which may include an opinion of its counsel) that all other obligations of any kind whatsoever (whether pursuant to Specified Indebtedness as defined herein or otherwise) of the Defaulting Party or Affected Party to make any payments to the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party or any of its Affiliates under this Agreement or otherwise which are due and payable as of the Early Termination Date hereof have been fully and finally performed or discharged, whether by Setoff or otherwise.
(i)	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NO PARTY SHALL BE REQUIRED TO PAY OR BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE) TO ANY OTHER PARTY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL AFFECT THE ENFORCEABILITY OF SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF AND TO THE EXTENT ANY PAYMENT REQUIRED TO BE MADE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUCH DAMAGES ARE DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE TO DETERMINE AND THAT SUCH PAYMENT IS INTENDED TO BE A REASONABLE AND GENUINE PRE-ESTIMATE AND APPROXIMATION OF THE AMOUNT OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOT A PENALTY.
(j)	Confidentiality.  The contents of this Agreement and all other documents relating to this Agreement, and any information made available by one party or its Credit Support Provider to the other party or its Credit Support Provider with respect to this Agreement is confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party (nor shall any public announcement relating to this Agreement be made by either party), except if such information (i) is generally available to the public, (ii) is required in response to any summons, subpoena, or otherwise in connection with any litigation or any judicial or administrative process, or to comply with any applicable law, order, regulation, ruling, or accounting disclosure rule or standard to be disclosed, (iii) is obtained from a non-confidential source that disclosed such information in a manner that did not violate its obligations to the non-disclosing party or its Credit Support Provider in making such disclosure, (iv) is furnished to the disclosing party's Affiliates, (v) is furnished to each of such party's (or their Affilates') auditors, attorneys, advisors or lenders which are required to keep the information that is disclosed in confidence, or (vi) as the parties may otherwise agree in writing.

(k)	Transfer.  Section 7 is hereby amended by: (i) adding in the third line thereof after the word "party," the words "which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed", and (ii) adding the following at the end thereof:

"For purposes of this Section, the non-transferring party's withholding of consent to a proposed transfer will not be deemed to be unreasonable if, without limitation: (1) an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to the transferring party or the proposed transferee will exist following such transfer, (2) the creditworthiness of the proposed transferee is materially weaker than that of the transferring party immediately prior to such transfer, unless the transferring party provides a satisfactory (to the non-transferring party) guaranty or credit support to the non-transferring party  (or if the transferring party has a Credit Support Provider and the transfer is to a party other than such Credit Support Provider, unless such Credit Support Provider provides a satisfactory (to the non-transferring party) Credit Support Document to the non-transferring party or its existing Credit Support Document remains in full force and effect); (3) on the next succeeding Scheduled Payment Date, the non-transferring party will be required to gross up its payments to the proposed transferee or receive payments form the proposed transferee net of withholding or deduction that would not otherwise be required hereunder or under applicable law in the absence of the proposed transfer; (4) the proposed transferee and its Credit Support Provider, if any , do not satisfy the criteria that the non-transferring party applies in deciding whether to offer or make an extension of credit or enter into transactions similar to the Transactions subject to the proposed transfer; (5) or the proposed transfer would adversely affect the non-transferring party's netting rights hereunder or under applicable law."
(l)	Applicable Rate.  The definition of "Applicable Rate" set forth in Section 14 is hereby amended by adding to the end of Subsection (b) of the definition after the word "Rate" the following provision:  "; provided, however, that if the payee is a Defaulting Party for purposes of Section 6(e), then the rate shall be the Non-default Rate."
(m)	Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that this severability provision shall not be applicable if any provision of Section 1, 2, 5 or 6 (or any definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent it relates to, or is used in or in connection with any such Section) shall be so held to be invalid or unenforceable.

(n)	Limitation of Rate.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall the Default Rate, Non-default Rate, or Termination Rate exceed the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged, or received on the subject indebtedness under the law applicable to such party.
(o) 	Existing Transactions.  In the event that the parties have entered into Transactions prior to the date of this Agreement (collectively, the "Prior Transactions"), the parties agree that all such Prior Transactions shall constitute Transactions under and will be governed by this Agreement.  To the extent of any conflict between the terms and provisions of the Prior Transactions and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that, (i) all Additional Amounts, under and as defined in the Prior Transactions, shall automatically become Independent Amounts under this Agreement, and (ii) all Performance Assurance, as held by a party pursuant to the terms of and as defined in the Prior Transactions, shall automatically become Posted Credit Support under this Agreement, in each case subject to the terms of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if the parties enter into any Specified Transaction, such Specified Transaction will be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of, this Agreement unless the Confirmation relating thereto expressly states to the contrary.  Each such Specified Transaction will be a transaction for purposes of this Agreement.
(p)	Additional Definitions.  Section 14 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following definitions:
(a)	"Affiliate" shall mean Catequil Overseas Partners, Ltd.
(b)	"Net Asset Value" means the total assets of Party B minus the total liabilities of Party B, all determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
(c)	"Liabilities" means all liabilities of Party B, including, but not limited to, accrued expenses, amounts due to brokers, redemptions payable, commodity options written, and all fees and commissions payable.
[(d) "Management Agreement" means that certain investment management agreement dated ____________ between Party B and the Manager.
](e)	"Investment Policy" means Party B's investment objectives, restrictions and guidelines as set forth in Party B's prospectus, which incorporates the use of derivative products, including swaps, options and other Transactions.
(f)	"Manager" means Catequil Associates, LLC., the general partner of Party B

(g)	"S&P" means the Standard & Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.) or its successor.

(h)	"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or its successor.

(i)	"materially weaker" as used in Section 5(b)(iv) of the Agreement shall mean with respect to Party A,  (i) Party A's Credit Support Provider's credit rating is below BBB- by S&P, or (ii) if it has no credit rating from S&P, Party A's Credit Support Provider's credit rating is below Baa3 by Moody's, or (iii) Party A's Credit Support Provider fails to have a rating from either S&P or Moody's and such New Entity is materially weaker.
(q)	"Accuracy of Specified Information".  Section 3(d) is amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period the words "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, balance sheets, or reports, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant person".
Part 6.  Additional Provisions For Commodity Derivatives Transactions.

(a)	The 1993 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions, as supplemented by the 2000 Supplement thereto and otherwise as amended, supplemented, replaced or modified from time to time, (the "Commodity Definitions") are incorporated by reference in this Agreement and the relevant Confirmations with respect to "Transactions," as defined by the Commodity Definitions, in commodities, except as otherwise specifically provided in the relevant Confirmation.  All terms used in this Part 6 that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in the Commodity Definitions.

(b)	In lieu of Section 7.4(d) of the Commodity Definitions, the "Market Disruption Events" specified in Section 7.4(c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii), (c)(iv), (c)(v) and (c)(viii) of the Commodity Definitions shall apply, except as otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation.

(c)	Section 7.4(c)(viii) of the Commodity Definitions is hereby amended by the addition of the following at the end thereof:

"For these purposes, a limitation of trading on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the Futures Contract may fluctuate in the first nearby month and the closing or settlement price of such Futures Contract on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range."

(d)	Section 7.5(e) of the Commodity Definitions is hereby deleted.

(e)	"Additional Market Disruption Events" shall apply only if so specified in the relevant Confirmation.

(f)	The following "Disruption Fallbacks" specified in Section 7.5(c) of the Commodity Definitions shall apply, in the following order, except as otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation:

(i)	"Postponement", with three (3) Commodity Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption;

(ii)	"Fallback Reference Price" (if the relevant parties have specified an alternate Commodity Reference Price in the Confirmation);

(iii)	"Negotiated Fallback" (provided that the reference in Section 7.5(c)(iv) to "fifth Business Day" shall be amended to be "twelfth Business Day"); and

(iv)	"Fallback Reference Dealers"; provided, however, notwithstanding any reference to the number of Specified Prices the definition of "Commodity Reference Dealers" set forth in Section 7.1(d)(i) of the Commodity Definitions, Party A and Party B shall each obtain in good faith quotations from a leading dealer in the relevant market and the price for that Pricing Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices, provided that if Party B is unable to obtain a quotation or fails to designate a Reference Dealer within three Business Days of the Calculation Agent's request, then Party A shall obtain, in good faith, a substitute quotation from different leading dealer.

(g)	For purposes of any Transaction in which paper or pulp is the relevant Commodity, the phrase "within 30 calendar days" in line 5 of Section 7.3 of the Commodity Definitions shall be replaced by the phrase "within 40 calendar days."

(h)	For purposes of any Transaction in which the relevant Commodity is traded in a market that is less liquid than other OTC derivatives markets, Party B recognizes that (i) such market is less liquid than other OTC derivatives markets; (ii) it may be more difficult for it to obtain quotations from a marketmaker or other dealer that is not a party to the Transaction and consequently to establish an independent value for the Transaction; (iii) any prices or terms quoted by Party A for entering into, modifying, or terminating a Transaction, although based upon what Party A believes to be a commercially reasonable valuation methodology, may be different than if this market were more mature and liquid; and (iv) any valuations which may be provided by Party A do not necessarily reflect Party A's internal bookkeeping or theoretical model-based valuations of the Transaction and may reflect other factors, including without limitation the creditworthiness of a counterparty, costs of carry, use of capital, and profit.

EXECUTED effective as of the date first written above.

ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.


By:						
Name:						
Title:    	
Date:     					
Catequil partners, l.p.

By:	Catequil Associates LLC,
	its General Partner


	By:					
	Name:					
	Title:					
	Date:					



ATTACHMENT 1	FORM OF LEGAL OPINION (PARTY B)
ANNEX A	ISDA CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX, including Paragraph 13 thereto
EXHIBIT A	FORM OF GUARANTY (PARTY A)




ATTACHMENT 1


LEGAL OPINION

[Letterhead of
Counsel to Counterparty]


[Date]


Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas  77002

Dear Sir or Madam:

We have acted as counsel to Catequil Partners, L.P. (the "Counterparty"), in connection with the execution and delivery by the Counterparty of an ISDA Master Agreement dated as of ________ (the ISDA Master Agreement and any Transactions intended to be governed thereby are hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"), between you and the Counterparty.

		In such capacity we have examined a copy of the Agreement.  We have also reviewed certain corporate proceedings of the Counterparty, and we have examined originals, or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such corporate records of the Counterparty, certificates of public officials and of  officers and representatives of the Counterparty and such other documents as we have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed.  In such examination, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as certified or otherwise satisfactorily identified copies.  We have also assumed that the Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by you pursuant to appropriate corporate authority.  The opinions given below are limited to matters concerning the laws of the                                            .

		Based upon the foregoing and having regard for such legal considerations as we deem relevant, we are of opinion that:

	1.  The Counterparty is a __________________ duly existing under the laws of ________________.

	2.  The Counterparty has full corporate power to execute and deliver the Agreement and to perform its obligations thereunder.

	3.  Such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not violate, and are not in conflict with any provision of law or of the corporate charter and related documents of the Counterparty.

	4.  All authorizations of, exemptions by and filings with any governmental, regulatory body or other authority that are required to be obtained or made in connection with the Counterparty's execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement have been obtained or made and are valid and subsisting.

	5.  The Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Counterparty and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Counterparty enforceable against the Counterparty in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally from time to time in effect).  Obligations of any branch of the Counterparty are for all purposes obligations of the Counterparty, enforceable against the Counterparty to the same extent set forth in the next preceding sentence.  The enforceability of the Counterparty's obligations is also subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

	6.  The choice of law provision set forth in the Agreement is valid and binding under the laws of ________________ and any political subdivision thereof and would be given effect by the courts of __________________ and any political subdivision thereof.

Very truly yours			






O:\Legal\MHEARD\Ctr\039ctr(catequil partners).doc
Annex A
Page 
PARAGRAPH 13
to the
ISDA CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX

dated as of _________________, 2000

between
ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP., a corporation organized under the law of the State of Delaware ("Party A"), and
Catequil partners, l.p., a limited partnership organized under the law of the State of Delaware ("Party B")



Paragraph 13.  Elections and Variables.

(a)	Security Interest for "Obligations".  The term "Obligations" as used in this Annex includes the following additional obligations:

With respect to Party A:  None.

With respect to Party B:  None.

(b)	Credit Support Obligations.

(i)  Delivery Amount, Return Amount, and Credit Support Amount.

(A) "Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).

(B) "Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).

(C) "Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3.

(ii)  Eligible Collateral.  The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" for the party specified.




Party A

Party B
Valuation
Percentage


(A)
Cash

[X]
[X]
100%

(B)
Negotiable debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury Department having an original maturity at issuance of not more than one year ("Government Obligations")

[X]
[X]
100%

(C)
Other:	None






(iii)  Other Eligible Support.  The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support" for the party specified:  None.

(iv)  Thresholds.

(A)  "Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A, the amount specified as such for Party A in each Confirmation, or if no amount is specified, zero and means with respect to Party B the amount specified in the Confirmation of any new Transaction, which amount (which may be an increased or decreased amount from the prior confirmation) is to be agreed to by Party A and Party B prior to entering into such Transaction and  which amount as modified shall be the Independent Amount applicable for all outstanding Transactions, provided, however, that in no event shall Party B's Independent Amount be less than $250,000 if there are any outstanding Transactions.

(B)  "Threshold" means with respect to Party A, U.S. $ zero (0) and with respect to Party B, U.S. $zero (0).

(C)  "Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party A:  U.S. $0.

"Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party B:  U.S. $0.

(D)  Rounding.  The Delivery Amount will be rounded up to the nearest integral multiple of U.S. $100,000 and the Return Amount will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of U.S. $100,000.

(c)  Valuation and Timing.
[[](i)  "Valuation Agent" means, for purposes of Paragraph 3, the party making the demand under Paragraph 3; for purposes of Paragraph 4(d), the Secured Party for purposes of calculating the Value of the Substitute Credit Support and Posted Credit Support involved in the substitution; for purposes of Paragraph 5, the Secured Party; and for purposes of Paragraph 6(d), the Secured Party receiving or deemed to receive the Distributions or the Interest Amount, as applicable; provided, however, that in all cases, if an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition has occurred and is continuing with respect to the party designated as the Valuation Agent, then in such case, and for so long as the Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition continues, the other party shall be the Valuation Agent.[][Under review]]

(ii)  "Valuation Date" means any Local Business Day.

(iii)  "Valuation Time" means:

[  ]  the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date of calculation, as applicable;

[X]  the close of business in the city of the Valuation Agent on the Local Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of calculation, as applicable;

provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure will be made as of approximately the same time on the same date.

(iv)  "Notification Time" means 11:00 a.m., New York time, on a Local Business Day.

(d)	Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies.  The following Termination Event(s) will be a "Specified Condition" for the party specified (that party being the Affected Party if the Termination Event occurs with respect to that party):

Specified Condition
Party A
Party B


Illegality

[X]
[X]

Tax Event

[  ]
[  ]

Tax Event Upon Merger

[  ]
[  ]

Credit Event Upon Merger

[X]
[X]

Additional Termination Event(s):

[X]
[X]


(e)  Substitution.

(i)  "Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).

(ii)  Consent.  If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d):  Inapplicable.

(f)  Dispute Resolution.

(i)  "Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day following the date on which notice of the dispute is given under Paragraph 5.

(ii)  Value.  For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the Value of Posted Credit Support as of the relevant calculation date will be calculated as follows:

(1) With respect to cash, the product of (I) the face amount thereof and (II) the applicable Valuation Percentage; and

(2)	With respect to any Government Obligations, the sum of (A)(x) the arithmetic mean of the high bid and low asked prices quoted on such date by two principal market makers of recognized national standing (each a "Principal Market Maker") for such Government Obligations chosen by the disputing party, or (y) if quotations are not available from two Principal Market Makers for such date, the mean of such high bid and low asked prices as of the day next preceding such date, on which such quotations were available, plus (B) the accrued interest on such Government Obligations (except to the extent Transferred to a party pursuant to any applicable provision of this Annex or included in the applicable price referred to in (A) of this clause (2)) as of such date, multiplied by the applicable Valuation Percentage.

(iii)  Alternative:  The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply except to the following extent; pending the resolution of a dispute, Transfer of the undisputed Value of Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support involved in the relevant demand will be due as provided in Paragraph 5 if the demand is given by the Notification Time but will be due on the second Local Business Day after the demand if the demand is given after the Notification Time.

(g)	Holding and Using Posted Collateral.

(i)  Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians.  Party A and its Custodian will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:

(1) Party A is not a Defaulting Party and an Additional Termination Event has not occurred. 
(2) Posted Collateral may be held only in the following jurisdictions:  Any jurisdiction within the United States.
(3) The Custodian is a Qualified Institution (as defined below), approved by Party B (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). The Custodian shall hold the Posted Collateral in a segregated, safekeeping or custody account within the Custodian with the title of such account indicating that the property contained therein is being held as Posted Collateral for the ownership of Party B, subject to the security interest of Party A.

Party B and its Custodian will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:

(1) Party B is not a Defaulting Party and an Additional Termination Event has not occurred.

(2) Posted Collateral may be held only in the following jurisdictions:  Any jurisdiction in the United States.
(3) The Custodian is a Qualified Institution, approved by Party A (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld).  The Custodian shall hold the Posted Collateral in a segregated, safekeeping or custody account within the Custodian with the title of such account indicating that the property contained therein is being held as Posted Collateral for the ownership of Party A, subject to the security interest of Party B.

If a party or its Custodian is not eligible to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to this Section, then it shall be considered a "Downgraded Party" or a "Downgraded Custodian", as the case may be (as defined in Paragraph 13(g)(ii)) and Posted Collateral shall be maintained in accordance with Paragraph 13(g)(ii).

(ii)  Use of Posted Collateral.

The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will apply to the parties; provided, however, that if a party or its Custodian is not eligible to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 13(g)(i) (the event that caused it or its Custodian, if any, to be ineligible to hold Posted Collateral shall be a "Credit Rating Event"; if such Credit Rating Event occurs with respect to a party, such party shall be the "Downgraded Party"; and if such Credit Rating Event occurs with respect to a party's Custodian, such Custodian shall be the "Downgraded Custodian"), then:

(1)  the provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will not apply with respect to the Downgraded Party as the Secured Party for so long as both the Secured Party or its Custodian, if any, remain a Downgraded Party or a Downgraded Custodian, respectively.

(2)  the Downgraded Party shall be required to deliver (or cause the Downgraded Custodian to deliver, as the case may be) not later than the close of business on the second Local Business Day following such Credit Rating Event all Posted Collateral in its possession or held on its behalf to a commercial bank or trust company organized under the law of the United States or a political subdivision thereof, with a Credit Rating of at least "A-" in the case of S&P or "A3" in the case of Moody's ("Qualified Institution"), approved by the non-Downgraded Party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) to a segregated, safekeeping or custody account ("Collateral Account") within such Qualified Institution with the title of the Collateral Account indicating that the property contained therein is being held as Posted Collateral for the Downgraded Party; provided, that, if the Credit Rating Event occurs with respect to a party's Custodian that is holding Posted Collateral on behalf of such party, then such party may cause such Downgraded Custodian to deliver such Posted Collateral to such party.  The Qualified Institution shall serve as Custodian with respect to the Posted Collateral in the Collateral Account, and shall hold such Posted Collateral in accordance with the terms of this Annex and for the security interest of the Downgraded Party and, subject to such security interest, for the ownership of the non-Downgraded Party.

(3)   So long as the provisions of Paragraph 6(c) do not apply, the Qualified Institution holding the Posted Collateral will invest and reinvest or procure the investment and reinvestment of the Posted Collateral in accordance with the written instructions of the Pledgor, subject to the approval of such instructions by the Secured Party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that the Qualified Institution shall not be required to so invest or reinvest or procure such investment or reinvestment if an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor shall have occurred and be continuing.  The Secured Party shall have no responsibility for any losses resulting from any investment or reinvestment effected in accordance with the Pledgor's instructions.

(iii)  For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii) of this Agreement, failure by a party or its Custodian to comply with any of the obligations under this Paragraph 13(g) will constitute an Event of Default with respect to such party if the failure continues for two (2) Local Business Days after notice of the failure is given to that party.

(h)	Distributions and Interest Amount.

(i)  Interest Rate.  The "Interest Rate" will be:  Federal Funds Effective Rate as from time to time in effect.

(ii)  Transfer of Interest Amount.  The Transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the last Local Business Day of each calendar month and on any Local Business Day that Posted Collateral in the form of Cash is Transferred to the Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph 3(b).  If Transfer of an Interest Amount (or any portion thereof) to a Pledgor on any day would result in, or increase, a Delivery Amount (treating the day as a Valuation Date, as provided in Paragraph 6(d)(ii)) but the Pledgor would nonetheless have no obligation to make a Transfer pursuant to Paragraph 3(a) on that day if it were a Valuation Date (because the Delivery Amount is lower than the Pledgor's Minimum Transfer Amount or otherwise), the Secured Party will be required to Transfer that Interest Amount (or portion thereof) to the Pledgor, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph 6(d)(ii).

(i)	Demands and Notices.

All demands, specifications, and notices under this Annex will be made pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement.

(j)	Addresses for Transfers.

Party A:     To be provided in notice requesting delivery/return of Eligible Credit Support/Posted Credit Support.

Party B:      To be provided in notice requesting delivery/return of Eligible Credit Support/Posted Credit Support.

(k)	Other Provisions.

(i)  Paragraph 12 of this Annex is hereby amended by adding the following:

"Credit Rating" means with respect to a party (or its Credit Support Provider, as the case may be) or entity, on any date of determination, the respective ratings then assigned to such party's (or its Credit Support Provider's, as the case may be) or entity's unsecured, senior long-term debt or deposit obligations (not supported by third party credit enhancement) by S&P, Moody's or the other specified rating agency or agencies.

"Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for the relevant determination date the rate opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)" as set forth in the weekly statistical release designated as H.15 (519), or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or its successor.

"S&P" means the Standard & Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.) or its successor.

(ii)  Paragraph 6(d)(i) is hereby amended by adding the following sentence:

"Subject to Paragraph 4(a) and only to the extent contemplated in the previous sentence, if a Secured Party receives or is deemed to receive Distributions on a day that is not a Local Business Day, or after its close of business on a Local Business Day, it will Transfer Distributions to the Pledgor on the second following Local Business Day."

(iii)  Paragraph 7(i) is hereby amended by deleting the words "Eligible Collateral" and replacing them with the words "Eligible Credit Support." 




O:\Legal\MHEARD\Ctr\039ctr(catequil partners).doc
Exhibit A
Page 
EXHIBIT A

ENRON CORP.

Guaranty

This Guaranty (the "Guaranty"), dated as of 		, 2001, is made and entered into by Enron Corp., an Oregon corporation ("Guarantor").
W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Catequil Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("Counterparty"), and ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP. ("Enron"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Guarantor, are contemplating entering into one or more swap, option or other financially-settled derivative transactions, which transactions will be evidenced by one or more swap agreements, confirmations and/or master agreements, including without limitation, the Master Agreement of even date herewith (the "Master Agreement") (all such swap, option or other derivative transactions and the agreements evidencing same, including without limitation, the Master Agreement, whether entered into prior to, on or after the date hereof, as the same may from time to time be modified, amended and supplemented, shall be referred to herein collectively as the "Contract"); and 

WHEREAS, Guarantor will directly or indirectly benefit from the transactions to be entered into between Enron and Counterparty;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of Counterparty entering into the Contract, Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

1.  GUARANTY.  Subject to the provisions hereof, Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the timely payment when due (whether at stated maturity, acceleration, or otherwise) of the obligations of Enron (the "Obligations") to Counterparty and its successors and assigns under the Contract (without any deduction or withholding except as provided in the Contract) and Guarantor shall pay all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by Counterparty in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty should Guarantor be required to pay hereunder.  This Guaranty shall constitute a guarantee of payment and not of collection.  The liability of Guarantor under the Guaranty shall be subject to the following:
(a)  Guarantor's liability hereunder shall be and is specifically limited to payments expressly required to be made under the Contract (even if such payments are deemed to be damages) and, except to the extent specifically provided in the Contract, in no event shall Guarantor be subject hereunder to consequential, exemplary, equitable, loss of profits, punitive, tort, or any other damages, costs, or attorney's fees.
(b)    The aggregate amount covered by this Guaranty shall not exceed U.S. $10,000,000.
(c)  Guarantor's obligations hereunder shall be irrevocable, continuing and unconditional, and shall not be dicharged except by complete payment of the amounts payable under the Contract, irrespective of any claim as to the Contract's validity, regularity, or enforcability or lack of authority of Counterparty to execute or deliver the Contract; or any waiver or consent by Counterparty with respect to any provision thereof; or the absence of any action to enforce the Contract, or the recovery of any judgment against the Counterparty or of any action to enforce a judgement against the Counterparty; or any similar circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor generally.

(d)    If at any time payment under the Contract is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned by Counterparty as a result of insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Enron, Guarantor or otherwise, Guarantor's obligations hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated upon such restoration or return being made by Counterparty.

2.  DEMANDS AND NOTICE.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or Termination Event, if Enron fails or refuses to pay any Obligations and Counterparty has elected to exercise its rights under this Guaranty, Counterparty shall make a demand upon Guarantor (hereinafter referred to as a "Payment Demand").  A Payment Demand shall be in writing and shall reasonably and briefly specify in what manner and what amount Enron has failed to pay and an explanation of why such payment is due, with a specific statement that Counterparty is calling upon Guarantor to pay under this Guaranty. A Payment Demand satisfying the foregoing requirements shall be required with respect to Obligations before Guarantor is required to pay such Obligations hereunder and shall be deemed sufficient notice to Guarantor that it must pay the Obligations within five (5) Business Days after its receipt of the Payment Demand. A single written Payment Demand shall be effective as to any specific default during the continuance of such default, until Enron or Guarantor has cured such default, and additional written demands concerning such default shall not be required until such default is cured.

3.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  Guarantor represents and warrants that:
(a)  it is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Oregon and has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of the Guaranty; 
(b)  no authorization, approval, consent or order of, or registration or filing with, any court or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Guarantor is required on the part of Guarantor for the execution and delivery of this Guaranty; and
(c)  this Guaranty, when executed and delivered, will constitute a valid and legally binding agreement of Guarantor, except as the enforceability of this Guaranty may be limited by the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.

4.  SETOFFS AND COUNTERCLAIMS.  Without limiting Guarantor's own defenses and rights hereunder, but subject to the other provisions hereof, Guarantor reserves to itself all rights, setoffs, counterclaims and other similar defenses to which Enron is entitled to arising from or out of the Contract or otherwise, except for defenses arising out of the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of Enron.

5.  AMENDMENT OF GUARANTY.  No term or provision of this Guaranty shall be amended, modified, altered, waived or supplemented except in a writing signed by Guarantor and Counterparty.

6.  WAIVERS.  Guarantor hereby waives (a) notice of acceptance of this Guaranty; (b) presentment and demand concerning the liabilities of Guarantor, except as expressly hereinabove set forth; and (c) any right to require that any action or proceeding be brought against Enron or any other person, or except as expressly hereinabove set forth, to require that Counterparty seek enforcement of any performance against Enron or any other person, prior to any action against Guarantor under the terms hereof.

Except as to applicable statutes of limitation, no delay of Counterparty in the exercise of, or failure to exercise, any rights hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such rights, a waiver of any other rights or a release of Guarantor from any obligations hereunder.

Guarantor consents to the renewal, compromise, extension, acceleration or other changes in the time of payment of or other changes in the terms of the Obligations, or any part thereof or any changes or modifications to the terms of the Contract.

Guarantor may terminate this Guaranty by providing written notice of such termination to Counterparty and upon the effectiveness of such termination, Guarantor shall have no further liability hereunder, except as provided in the last sentence of this paragraph.  No such termination shall be effective until five (5) Business Days after receipt by Counterparty of such termination notice.  No such termination shall affect Guarantor's liability with respect to any Transaction (as defined in the Contract) entered into prior to the time the termination is effective, which Transaction shall remain guaranteed pursuant to the terms of this Guaranty.

7.  NOTICE.  Any Payment Demand, notice, request, instruction, correspondence or other document to be given hereunder by any party to another (herein collectively called "Notice") shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or by telegram or telecopier, as follows:

To Counterparty:
Catequil Partners, L.P.
To Guarantor:
Enron Corp.


c/o Catequil Asset Management, L.P.

1400 Smith Street
Houston, Texas 77002


1251 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10020

Attn.:  Vice President, Finance and Treasurer


Attn.:  James Giordano

Fax No.:  (713) 646-3422


Fax No.:  (212) 899-4205




A copy of any notice sent to Guarantor pursuant hereto must also be sent to the above address to:  (i) Enron Corp., Attention: Corporate Secretary, Fax No. (713) 853-2534, and (ii) Enron North America Corp., Attention:  Assistant General Counsel, Trading Group, Fax No. (713) 646-4818.

Notice given by personal delivery or mail shall be effective upon actual receipt. Notice given by telegram or telecopier shall be effective upon actual receipt if received during the recipient's normal business hours, or at the beginning of the recipient's next business day after receipt if not received during the recipient's normal business hours.  All Notices by telegram or telecopier shall be confirmed promptly after transmission in writing by certified mail or personal delivery.  Any party may change any address to which Notice is to be given to it by giving notice as provided above of such change of address.

8.  SUBROGATION.  By accepting this Guaranty and entering into the Contract, Counterparty agrees that Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights of Counterparty in respect of any amounts paid by Guarantor pursuant to this Guaranty, provided that Guarantor shall be entitled to enforce or receive any payment arising out of or based upon such right of subrogation only to the extent and at such time that it has paid all amounts payable by Enron under the Contract.  If, at any time when any amount is overdue and unpaid, Guarantor receives any amount as a result of any action against Enron or any property or assets or otherwise for or on account of any payment made by Guarantor under this Guaranty, Guarantor shall immediately pay that amount received by it to Counterparty, to be credited and applied against the amount payable by Enron.

9.  MISCELLANEOUS.  This Guaranty shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.  This Guaranty shall be binding upon Guarantor, its successors and assigns and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Counterparty, its successors and assigns.  The rights or obligations of Counterparty under this Guaranty with respect to the Contract or any Obligations may be transferred along with the transfer by Counterparty of its rights or obligations under the Contract, to the same extent permitted by and in accordance with the Contract.  This Guaranty shall apply with the same force and effect with respect to such Contract or Obligations following the transfer by Counterparty of its rights or obligations under this Guaranty and the Contract in accordance with the terms of the Contract.  However, Guarantor may not transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Counterparty, and any purported transfer in violation of this provision shall be void.  The Guaranty embodies the entire agreement and understanding between Guarantor and Counterparty and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.  The headings in this Guaranty are for purposes of reference only, and shall not affect the meaning hereof.

10.   DEFINITIONS.  Any capitalized term used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to it in the Contract.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has executed this Guaranty on 		, 2001, but it is effective as of the date first above written.

ENRON CORP.


By:  						
Name:  						
Title:  						

๏ฟฝ
