 
Performance Management
Evan Fort
2
Microsoft Word 9.0
7/5/2001 15:08:00
8/17/2001 14:11:00
8/17/2001 14:11:00
3
1072
6114
4
Enron
50
12
7508
no
no
8/17/2001 09:11:00
8/17/2001 09:11:00
7/5/2001 10:08:00

Skills / Behaviors Descriptors: 
Analyst & Associate 


Analyst & Associate
Performance Evaluation 


Confidential	Page                                                  	 8/17/2001


EMPLOYEE:  
COLLINS, DUSTIN T
	SUPERVISOR:
COULTER, EDWIN K

DEPARTMENT:
ENA MIDWEST REGION TRADING
REVIEW  PERIOD:
June 30, 2001

JOB GROUP: 
ASSOCIATE
JOB TITLE:
ASSOCIATE

HIRE DATE:
28-Jul-1997
  DATE IN POSITION:
01-Mar-2001


Please check the appropriate rating for each skill set:

SKILLS / BEHAVIORS
COMMENTS / SPECIFIC EXAMPLES


BUSINESS SKILLS/ORGANIZATION SKILLS





INNOVATION





COMMUNICATION





LEADERSHIP/VISION & VALUES





TEAMWORK & INTERPERSONAL SKILLS





ANALYTICAL/TECHNICAL





PROFESSIONAL & CAREER DEVELOPMENT




JOB PERFORMANCE





Development Plan – (For discussion with Supervisor/Employee)

Main Strengths (2 / 3):



Development Areas (2 / 3):



Goals and Objectives:




Supervisor Signature:

Date:


Employee Signature:

Date:



(Signature acknowledges discussion; it does not signify agreement)





SKILLS/BEHAVIORS
DESCRIPTORS

BUSINESS SKILLS/ORGANIZATION SKILLS
Working in a change environment.  Adapts to change easily, amends objectives and project plans to accommodate new timelines and situations
Collaborative Working.  Willingly changes plans to fit in with other’s needs. Balances own objectives while delivering the needs of others. 
Knowledge of Enron business.  Actively pursues increased knowledge and develops personal relationships across Enron's businesses.
Maximizes business opportunities.  Combines knowledge of Enron's capabilities from current and previous rotations and the external market to support new business opportunities and customers
Meeting schedules and deadlines.  Follows schedules and gets work done on time as per previous plans and agreements.
Planning for the future.  Sets down clear and deliverable objectives. Highlights priorities and provides support to achieve them.
Produces high quality work. Output of work is consistently thorough and complete, complying with all standards. 
Networking and maintaining relationships.  Utilizes skills and resources to form networks, connections and leverage across Enron.  Maintains contact and open dialogue with people in general.  Takes the initiative to stay in touch.  Supports collaborative culture. 
Customer relations.  Builds and maintains relationships with customers (internal and external) through individual action. Makes acquaintances quickly.  Reaches out to people without waiting for others to make the first move. 
Resource management.  Makes effective use of of Enron's resources to expedite and maximize work results

INNOVATION
Intellectual Curiosity.  Displays a fundamental curiosity.  Explores new business ideas.  
Openness to new ideas.  Evaluates new ideas objectively based on their merits, regardless of who generated the ideas. Willingness to act upon and support initiatives.
Generating new ideas.  Produces new ideas quickly.  Seldom seems at a loss for an idea about a new way of doing work or for overcoming obstacles. Creates a climate to support the creation and implementation of new ideas.
Supporting and delivering innovative business solutions.  Identifies profitable opportunities and minimizes time and resources dedicated to less attractive opportunities.  

COMMUNICATION
Listening to others.  Gives careful attention to what others have to say.  Plays back information to make sure that others' messages are understood.
Expressing ideas and information.  Speaks and writes clearly and effectively. Expresses ideas so that others understand what is meant.
Group facilitation and participation.   In formal or informal gatherings brings focus to the meeting.  Brings out information from others and helps the exchange of information, ideas, and plans.
Resolving conflicts.  Takes action to assist in settling disputes and reaching productive outcomes.  Resolves differences with other people effectively, and helps others to resolve their differences.
Updating others.  Keeps others up-to-date informed of initiatives, plans and developments as they occur and without being asked. Recognizes and actively participates in a shared purpose. 

LEADERSHIP / VISION & VALUES
Embodies Enron Vision and Values.  Exhibits and promotes a culture at Enron based on respect, integrity, communication, and excellence.
Supports diversity.  Creates an innovative environment based on diversity of people and ideas.
Organizing and managing. Provides the foundation for achieving goals by melding people, ideas, and business platforms.
Leads change. Serves as a catalyst and manager for strategic change.
Information exchange.  Empowers others by sharing authority and information. 
Looking forward.  Views coming projects and events with enthusiasm. Motivates others to eagerly anticipate the future.
Developing others.  Assists other in developing and improving their capabilities and skills.  Coaches and shares knowledge with others.  Provides timely and actionable performance feedback to others.
Setting expectations and direction.  Lets others know clearly what is expected or needed from them.  Does not wait until after the fact to communicate expectations.

TEAMWORK & INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
Team building. Fosters quality relationships among colleagues and others.  Forges strong bonds between people by role modeling open and honest behavior with others.
Handling pressure.  Handles difficult situations and issues, obstacles or frustrations well without becoming angry or irritated, and without upsetting or irritating others.  Does not let pressure interfere with decision making and judgement.
Recognizing others.  Openly demonstrates appreciation for others' input and efforts.  Gives due credit to others.
Motivation and inspiration.  Leads by example.  Builds energy and enthusiasm in others.  Inspires others’ productivity and activity through their self-motivation and commitments.

ANALYTICAL / TECHNICAL
Functional skills.  Individual must have the necessary functional skills such as expertise in finance, modeling, risk management, tax, etc.
Problem definition.  Able to define business scenarios precisely and accurately.  
Data analysis.  Gathers and analyzes appropriate available data. 
Extrapolates and interpolates data.  Ability to think critically about quantitative data and the inferences that can be drawn from that data.
Independent thinking.  Applies independent thinking and judgment in work.  Does not need to be led to a solution.
Develops conclusions and presents results clearly.  Makes effective use of graphs and tables.  Presents findings in a easily understood format.

PROFESSIONAL & CAREER DEVELOPMENT
Career development.  Actively seeks on going development opportunities to enhance professional talents and skills.  Shows interest and openness to learning and improvement
Responding to feedback.  Accepts feedback well and applies it to adjust performance and actions.
Responsiveness.  Responds helpfully to other's requests and takes the initiative to offer assistance and support.  Is sensitive to what other's needs and requirements.
Balancing professional and personal life.  Works productively and accomplishes objectives while taking time for self to recuperate and sustains personal health and energy.

JOB PERFORMANCE
Successfully executes duties and responsibilities of the position.




